so today we are going to make a
watermelon peanut butter and jelly
sandwich and what you need for this is
two slices of bread I got the whole
wheat white bread green grapes peanut
butter and some kind of red jelly
I got raspberry you also need some
raisins all right we're going to start
out what you want to do on the end of
your grapes is just cut off the bottom
so that could make the rind I'm going to
cut this in the shape of a watermelon
slice what I'm going to do now is cut
this in shape of a watermelon slice as
you can see I took my grapes and light
them on the top now I'm going to take
the top slice off this is great for
lunches kids would love to have this in
their lunchbox at school here's my
peanut butter in the middle I'm going to
cover up the top it is time for the
jelly on the top this is what's going to
make it look like watermelon slice of
watermelon now you take your raisins and
those become your watermelon see one
more reason on so there you had your
peanut butter and jelly
watermelon sandwich very healthy and
lots of fun too we'd love you to
subscribe and follow a lot of our other
creative ideas just click on the Box on
the left top of your screen we'd love to
also hear your feedback and some things
you'd like us to make so feel free to
leave comments in our comments section
you